feat: allow range with two arguments and bound (#3679)
vyperlang/vyper: docs/control-structures.rst

        ...

``a`` is a variable with an integer type and ``N`` is a literal integer greater than zero.  ``i`` begins as ``a`` and increments by one until it is equal to ``a + N``. If ``a + N`` would overflow, execution will revert.

Finally, it is possible to use ``range`` with runtime `start` and `stop` values as long as a constant `bound` value is provided.

> In this case, Vyper guarantees that `y - x <= bound`.
> 
> .. code-block:: python
> 
>     for i in range(x, y, bound=CONSTANT):
>         ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, Vyper checks at runtime that `end - start <= bound`.

.. code-block:: python

    for i in range(start, end, bound=CONSTANT):
        ...
```
